SOLR-17712 : Deprecate CommonAdminParams.waitForFinalState and make it true default (#3684)
apache/solr: solr/CHANGES.txt

  overseerEnabled cluster property and an env var SOLR_CLOUD_OVERSEER_ENABLED.  Read more in the
  upgrade guide.  (David Smiley)

> * SOLR-17712: Changing default behaviour of `waitForFinalState` while handling the collection creation and collection management to true and is now deprecated. (Abhishek Umarjikar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SOLR-17712: SolrCloud admin commands should more reliably be fully completed when Solr returns a response.
  The `waitForFinalState` param now defaults to true and is deprecated. (Abhishek Umarjikar)
```

Reviewer: I think this goes in the improvement category.
